personal/docs/articles.md, before:

---
id: articles
title: Articles I've been featured in
sidebar_label: Articles
---

### [Lasting Impact: UT College of Liberal Arts](https://issuu.com/collegeofliberalarts/docs/annual_impact_report_18_19/30)
Young Alumni feature in the The University of Texas at Austin College of Liberal Arts Annual Impact Report. Discussed both of my degrees, my work, and how each of us can make the most impact.

### [Jacqueline Gibson is building change from the code up](https://news.utexas.edu/2019/05/15/jacqueline-gibson-is-building-change-from-the-code-up/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=&fbclid=IwAR3kbkNRZaoSVy0wzWnkVbhZ3yuLnXMnxoYOLbilGiy_L5aEky0kGJyBHUU) 
Selected as an outstanding Senior for the UT Austin Class of 2019

### [Texas Parents Honors Student's Impact](https://utcampuslifeupdate.tumblr.com/post/184062806533/texas-parents-honors-students-impact)
Selected as one of two Outstanding Student Award winners by Texas Parents

### [Jacqueline Gibson is Advocating for Diversity in Technological Fields](https://studybreaks.com/students/university-texas-jacqueline-gibson/)
Highlighted in Study Breaks magazine

Commit message:

added article links and commencement speech link

personal/docs/articles.md, after:

---
id: articles
title: Articles
sidebar_label: Articles
---
## Articles I've been featured in 
### [Lasting Impact: UT College of Liberal Arts](https://issuu.com/collegeofliberalarts/docs/annual_impact_report_18_19/30)
Young Alumni feature in the The University of Texas at Austin College of Liberal Arts Annual Impact Report. Discussed both of my degrees, my work, and how each of us can make the most impact.

### [Jacqueline Gibson is building change from the code up](https://news.utexas.edu/2019/05/15/jacqueline-gibson-is-building-change-from-the-code-up/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=&fbclid=IwAR3kbkNRZaoSVy0wzWnkVbhZ3yuLnXMnxoYOLbilGiy_L5aEky0kGJyBHUU) 
Selected as an outstanding Senior for the UT Austin Class of 2019


### [Ursuline Graduate Takes Love of Service to UT, Microsoft](https://www.peoplenewspapers.com/2019/08/09/ursuline-graduate-takes-love-of-service-to-ut-microsoft/)
Highlighted in People Newspapers, the publishers of _Park Cities People_ and _Preston Hollow People_

### [Texas Parents Honors Student's Impact](https://utcampuslifeupdate.tumblr.com/post/184062806533/texas-parents-honors-students-impact)
Selected as one of two Outstanding Student Award winners by Texas Parents

### [Jacqueline Gibson is Advocating for Diversity in Technological Fields](https://studybreaks.com/students/university-texas-jacqueline-gibson/)
Highlighted in Study Breaks magazine

## Articles I've written
### [Know Your Worth: A Black Girl's Guide to Negotiating Your First Salary](https://peopleofcolorintech.com/articles/know-your-worth-a-black-girls-guide-to-negotiating-your-first-salary/)
I also wrote an earlier version of this article on Medium. You can find that [here](https://medium.com/@jacqueline.gibson_11177/know-your-worth-a-guide-to-negotiating-your-first-salary-c14474aa59f6)
